[v4] document removed theme config options (#3317)
shuding/nextra: docs/app/docs/docs-theme/theme-configuration/footer/page.mdx

import { Table } from '../layout/page.mdx'

# `Footer`

> The footer area of the website. You can either specify some content for the

Author: 1

default footer, or fully customize it with a custom component.

<Table>

|           |                  |                                                                                           |
| --------- | ---------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| children  | `ReactNode{:ts}` | Content of the footer.<br/>Default: `"MIT ${new Date().getFullYear()} © Nextra."{:json}` |
| className | `string{:ts}`    | CSS class name                                                                            |

</Table>

## Copyright Information

> You can add some simple content, such as copyright information to the default

Author: ```suggestion
You can add content, such as copyright information by passing it as `children` prop of the `Footer` component
```
